= Callout

Callout is a Firefox extension which delivers an API for web pages and Greasemonkey
scripts to notify the user through the notification system of the OS. This would be
Growl for Mac OSX users and Windows notifications for Windows users. The extension
creates the +callout+ JavaScript object which is usable by both unprivileged
JavaScript code and Greasemonkey scripts.

== Requirements

Callout supports Firefox 2+ on Windows and Linux and Firefox 3+ on Mac OSX.
Mac OSX users will also need the {Growl}[1] notification system.
{Greasemonkey}[2] is only required for userscript support.

== Usage

Callout makes a +callout+ JavaScript object available for all webpages and
Greasemonkey scripts. The method creates a notification with titled +title+ and
with the message +message+.

  callout.notify(title, message, [options])

The available options are:

 * +icon+: with this you can specify an icon for the notification. This should be
   an URI for the icon. If unspecified the default Callout icon is used.
 * +href+: this specifies a target page to go to if the user clicks on the
   notification. This page will be opened in a new tab or window.

== Examples

  // Simple usage
  callout.notify('Hello', 'World!');

  // Specifying an icon
  callout.notify('Hello World!', 'this is a ninja!',
                 {icon: 'http://lackac.hu/lab/callout/ninja.png'});

  // Specifying a target page
  callout.notify('lackac.name', 'My project page',
                 {href: 'http://lackac.name'});

=== Loudspy

There is a more elaborate example in the examples directory for a Greasemonkey
script which uses Callout. This script works on {Digg spy}[3] and notifies the
user of each new digg displayed on the page.

Warning: while this could be useful for the digg addict it is a serious distraction
from work. :)

This user script can also be installed from the following address:
http://lackac.hu/lab/callout/loudspy.user.js

== Credits
 
Author:: László Bácsi
Hungarian blog post:: http://lackac.hu/articles/2008/03/26/rendszeruzenetek-firefoxbol-es-turulcsirip-growl
 
The original idea came from {András Bártházi}[4].

[1]: http://growl.info/
[2]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/748
[3]: http://digg.com/spy
[4]: http://barthazi.hu/
